README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  
  insert badges here
  
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2aefaadd-2863-4fae-86c0-38e1d13ced27" alt="jTDF logo" width="40%" align="center">

# Baj's Tower Defense Framework

TBD
devforum page blabla
this very awesome framework is very awesome blabla
give me a star blabla

</div>

## What this framework handles:
- Towers: stats, placement, upgrades, attacks, animations, stat effects
- Enemies: health, speed, animations
- Paths: normal, bezier, split, elevated
- API endpoints: events, stat checks

## What this framework does not handle:
UI,
Lobbies,
Player data,
Server start and stop

## Features:
TBD
- Easy to set up new towers
- Easy to set up new enemies
- Easy to create* enemy paths, with ability to create bezier curve paths
- Performance friendly, all enemies and units are rendered on the client
- Extremely customizable, but stays user-friendly
- Full documentation with clear examples
- Comprehensible, commented codebase

\* with a plugin

## Installation
TBD

## Contributing
TBD

## Configuration
TBD

## License
MIT

Commit message:

blazingly fast readme update
blazingly fast error output

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  
  insert badges here
  
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2aefaadd-2863-4fae-86c0-38e1d13ced27" alt="jTDF logo" width="40%" align="center">

# Baj's Tower Defense Framework

blazingly fast framework made with ease of use in mind

</div>

Devforum page is unavailable

If you use this framework in your games, consider giving the repo a star and donating to my broke ass

## What this framework handles:
- Server data structure: Towers, enemies, paths
- Towers: stats, placement, upgrades, attacks, animations, stat effects
- Enemies: health, speed, animations, walking along path
- Paths: normal, bezier, split
- API endpoints: events, stat checks

## What this framework does not handle:
UI,
Lobbies,
Player data apart from money

If you want a template of those, you can find them in the demo place (will be available once this framework is done)

## Features:
TBD
- VERY performant (800 enemies & 6 towers resulted in under 20% server load)
- Easy to set up new towers
- Easy to set up new enemies
- Easy to create* enemy paths
- Extremely customizable, but stays user-friendly
- Full documentation with clear examples

\* with a plugin

## Installation
You can clone the repository using <a href="https://devforum.roblox.com/t/git-sync-plugin-the-missing-link-between-github-and-roblox-studio/3539801">GitLink</a>

or get the module on Creator Hub (unavailable rn)

## Contributing
Just make a pr and we'll sort it out ig

## Configuration
make towers in CTowers module

make enemies in CEnemies module

additional configs in Config module

## License
MIT
